Docs: Fix hooks documentation and architecture diagram (#3032)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/setup/hooks.md

## Runs API & CLI

> [LakeFS API](../reference/api.md) endpoint and [lakectl](../reference/commands.md#lakectl-actions) expose the results of `Runs` execution per repository, branch, commit and specific `Action`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [lakeFS API](../reference/api.md) and [lakectl](../reference/commands.md#lakectl-actions) expose the results of executions per repository, branch, commit and specific `Action`.
```

(today, we only write lakeFS with a lowercase r. This is an ongoing debate but for now let's keep it this way).

#### Action file Webhook properties

|Property          | Description                                            |Data Type                                                                                |Required |Default Value|Env Vars Support|
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-------------|----------------|
|url               | The URL address of the request                         |String                                                                                   |true     |             |no
|timeout           | Time to wait for response before failing the hook      |String (golang's [Duration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#Duration.String) representation)|false    | 1m          |no
|query_params      | List of query params that will be added to the request |Dictionary(String:String or String:List(String)                                          |false    |             |yes

> |headers           | Header parameters                                      |Dictionary(String:String)                                                                |false    |             |yes

Reviewer: Maybe "headers to add to the request"?
